# <center>odoc.ai User Agreement</center>

# Introduction
Welcome to odoc.ai.

**To protect your legal rights and interests, please be sure to carefully read and fully understand the following terms before registering for and using odoc.ai. If you object to any term of this Agreement, you may choose not to register with odoc.ai. By clicking "Agree" and successfully completing the registration, whether you are entering odoc.ai or publishing any content on odoc.ai (i.e., "Content"), it signifies that you (i.e., the "User") have read and fully accept all terms under this Agreement (persons with limited capacity for civil conduct should read this in the company of a guardian or legal representative). Terms that limit or exempt liability may be highlighted in bold, underlined, or other conspicuous forms to draw your attention.**
**If you object to this statement or any term of this Agreement, you have the full right to cease using odoc.ai. Please stop the registration process or the use of all services provided by odoc.ai (odoc.a60.cn). Otherwise, your clicking "Agree" or registering to use odoc.ai will be deemed as your having read and accepted this Agreement.**

**This Agreement will help you understand the following:**
**I. Acceptance, Modification, and Supplementation of the Agreement**
**II. Content, Functionality, Registration, and Login of odoc.ai Accounts**
**III. Purchase and Use of odoc.ai Personal Membership Subscription Services**
**IV. Risk Disclosure**
**V. Intellectual Property Rights**
**VI. User Personal Information**
**VII. Disclaimers**
**VIII. Liability for Breach of Contract**
**IX. Termination of odoc.ai Services**
**X. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution**
**XI. Information and Feedback**
**XII. Miscellaneous**


# I. Acceptance, Modification, and Supplementation of the Agreement
## Contracting Entity and Notice:
**Clicking "Register" signifies your agreement and will be deemed as your signing of this Agreement, indicating that you voluntarily accept to be bound by all its terms. This Agreement will constitute a binding legal document between you and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Digital Economy Research Institute (Futian) and its operated "odoc.ai" platform (hereinafter collectively referred to as "odoc.ai," including relevant affiliated parties). Whether you enter odoc.ai to browse web pages, publish any content on odoc.ai, or use the odoc.ai web services and data directly or indirectly through various means (such as external API calls), you will be deemed to have unconditionally accepted all the content of this Agreement.**
## Agreement Modification and Updates:
odoc.ai has the right to add, delete, or modify the functions or performance of the odoc.ai services, set new limits, or temporarily or permanently suspend or stop providing any or all services. odoc.ai also has the right to modify this Agreement from time to time, but we will protect your rights and interests in accordance with laws and regulations to the best of our ability. After the Agreement is modified, odoc.ai will announce the modified content through announcements on relevant pages or by sending notifications. You may review the updated terms on the relevant pages. **The modified Agreement will become effective and replace the original Agreement upon its publication. If you do not agree to the modifications of this Agreement, please immediately stop accessing or using this website or cancel the services you have already obtained. If you choose to continue accessing or using this website, you will be deemed to have accepted the modified Agreement.**
1. Scope of Agreement:
The terms currently listed in this Agreement do not fully cover all rights and obligations between you and odoc.ai. Therefore, other statements, rules, regulations, agreements, and policies that odoc.ai may publish from time to time (the specific names of which are subject to what is published on the odoc.ai platform) are considered supplementary agreements to this Agreement, are an integral part of this Agreement, and have the same legal effect. **If this Agreement is inconsistent with other agreement terms on the odoc.ai platform, the terms of the other agreements shall prevail.**


# II. Content, Functionality, Registration, and Login of odoc.ai Accounts
## Content and Functionality of odoc.ai
1. The odoc.ai account is an identifier owned by us to recognize user identity. The ownership of the account belongs to us; you, as the initial applicant for registration, only have the right to use the account you registered.
2. You can register to use odoc.ai through the following method:
Email Registration: You can register via email verification. You agree that we will obtain the email address you use for registration. After successful registration, you can set and modify your nickname and avatar on the odoc.ai website. **You acknowledge and agree that the nickname and avatar for the user account you register will be publicly displayed on this website.** Under specific circumstances, you may also need to undergo real-name verification. The account name generated upon registration cannot be deleted and cannot be modified or replaced after it has been set.
3. You can access services such as "Cloud Services" and "Community" provided by us, our affiliates (if any), and third parties (if any) through your odoc.ai account.
4. You understand that **the content and functionality of the products and services provided within the odoc.ai account, as described in this Agreement, may vary depending on the device model, system version you use, or the requirements of local laws and regulations. The final products and services are subject to those available on the device and system you use.**
5. You understand that **subject to applicable laws and regulations, and for the purpose of operating and improving odoc.ai (including but not limited to fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, and customer support), we have the right to take necessary measures to ensure your compliance with this Agreement and applicable laws, or with orders or requirements from courts, administrative agencies, or other government bodies.**

## Acquisition and Use of odoc.ai Accounts
1. odoc.ai Usage and Registration Requirements
（1）**Age: You confirm that before you start registering for odoc.ai, you possess the legal capacity for civil conduct appropriate to your actions as stipulated by the laws of the United States. You warrant that you have reached the similar minimum age required in your jurisdiction at the time of registering your odoc.ai account. If you do not meet the above conditions, you should read the terms of this Agreement and register for and use the odoc.ai account accompanied by your guardian. By completing the registration steps according to the odoc.ai process, you are presumed to have the corresponding capacity for civil conduct. If you are a guardian allowing a minor to use odoc.ai, you agree to**
- **supervise the minor's use of odoc.ai;**
- **assume all risks associated with the minor's use of odoc.ai;**
- **assume any legal liability arising from the minor's use of odoc.ai;**
- **ensure that all information submitted by you or the minor is accurate and truthful;**
- **assume any liability arising from the minor's access to and use of odoc.ai and be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you do not possess the aforementioned capacity for civil conduct appropriate to your actions, you and your guardian shall bear all consequences arising therefrom in accordance with the law.**
（2）Device: Using odoc.ai may require a compatible device, internet access, and certain software (which may require payment). You acknowledge that internet access may incur fees depending on your network plan, and we are not responsible for the availability or speed of the internet. The services you use may require periodic updates and may be affected by the performance of these factors.
（3）Use Restrictions: **You agree to use odoc.ai only for the purposes permitted by this Agreement. We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license for personal, non-commercial use. If your use of odoc.ai or other actions, intentionally or unintentionally, threaten our ability to provide services or other systems, we have the right to take all necessary measures to protect odoc.ai, which may include suspending your access. Repeated violations may result in the termination or cancellation of your account.**
2. **Nickname Management Regulations**
**（1）Do not use the real names, courtesy names, pseudonyms, stage names, pen names, titles, etc., of national leaders or other public figures to register and use as a nickname (if you are the person themselves, you must submit relevant evidence and pass review before use is permitted).**
**（2）Do not use the names of national organizations, other institutions, or organizations to register and use as a nickname (if you represent the institution, you must submit relevant evidence and pass review before use is permitted).**
**（3）Do not register and use nicknames that are the same as or similar to those of other users.**
**（4）Do not register and use uncivilized or unhealthy nicknames.**
**（5）Do not register and use nicknames that are ambiguous, may cause misunderstanding, or contain various strange symbols.**
**（6）If a user obtains a nickname registration through false information, or if the registration information such as nickname, avatar, or bio contains illegal or inappropriate content, or infringes upon the rights of a third party, odoc.ai will suspend or cancel the account.**
3. User Conduct Guidelines:
（1）Registration Information: You warrant that all information submitted at the time of registration (including but not limited to mobile phone number or email address) is true, accurate, legal, valid, and belongs to you. You may also modify your nickname and change your avatar, **but the naming and use of the nickname must comply with relevant laws and regulations and conform to online ethics. You must not impersonate others or maliciously register in a way that misleads others; you must not publish any information in the name of others; you must not maliciously use a registered account to cause other users to misidentify you; the nickname must not contain any insulting, defamatory, obscene, or violent words that infringe on the legal rights of others or violate public order and good customs.** If your submitted account registration information contains illegal or inappropriate content, or violates any of the nickname management regulations, we have the right to refuse registration. If, after registration, we have reasonable grounds to believe that the account you are currently using was obtained through fraud, malice, for illegal purposes, not through the software and services provided or expressly permitted by us, or violates any of the nickname management regulations, we have the right to restrict, freeze, terminate your use of the account, or cancel the account without notifying you, and you shall bear the relevant legal liabilities and losses. **If your registration information changes after registering an odoc.ai account, you should update it promptly to maintain a contactable status. We will send various notices to one or more of your provided contact methods, and the content of such notices may substantially affect your rights and obligations. Please pay timely attention. If you provide us with incorrect, incomplete, or false information that prevents us from delivering notices to you, you shall bear the risks and other losses incurred.**
（2）Account Use and Safekeeping: The odoc.ai account is your credential to use the services we provide. **Your account is for your personal use only**. If the odoc.ai account you are currently using was not registered by you or not obtained through our website or services, you should not log in or perform other operations with that account and should notify us immediately. **Without our consent, any direct or indirect authorization for a third party to use your account or access information under your account is invalid. If we believe your use endangers the security of odoc.ai, we may terminate this Agreement.** Your account is set up and kept by you. We will never proactively ask for your account password. You should properly safeguard your account and password, not disclose them, and ensure they are not obtained and used by others. If your password is lost, you can retrieve it through your registration information by following the relevant steps. **You are solely responsible for any legal consequences arising from the leakage of your account or password due to your own reasons. At the same time, you shall bear full consequences and legal responsibility for all activities and events conducted under this account. That is, you are responsible for all actions under your account. You must immediately notify us of any potential legal violations, unauthorized use, suspected unauthorized use, or other security breaches to avoid further losses. We are not liable for any losses you incur due to your failure to comply with the above requirements.**
（3）Account Recovery: If you lose your mobile device, you can change your password by logging into the odoc.ai official website. If you need to recover account information, you can log in again through your registered email.
（4）Account Cancellation: If you need to cancel your odoc.ai account, you can do so by deleting it on the odoc.ai official website or by contacting our administrator for cancellation. After your account is canceled, you are still responsible for your actions while using odoc.ai services before the cancellation. You should be aware that canceling your account means all personal data, information, etc., under your odoc.ai account will be deleted from our database. We will not retain any personal data, files, or data under your account. Notes, comments, etc., you have published will be anonymized according to legal provisions. Content and messages sent to other users may also not be recoverable. Rights and interests in the account will be canceled or deemed automatically waived.
（5）User Content Authorization: "User Content" refers to any information such as text, images, videos, software, etc., published or uploaded using an odoc.ai account. You warrant that you have the right or are authorized to transmit, distribute, and publicly display the User Content under your account name and to use your account name for uploading, downloading, publishing, transmitting, storing, or other User Content in any available manner.
（6）**Prohibited Actions: You may use your odoc.ai account within the scope of this Agreement. You must not engage in the following behaviors using your odoc.ai account; otherwise, you shall bear any resulting liability, and we reserve the right to pursue legal action against the perpetrator:**
- Maliciously registering odoc.ai accounts; gifting, lending, renting, transferring, or selling odoc.ai accounts, or otherwise permitting non-initial registrants to use odoc.ai accounts;
- Using an odoc.ai account to publish, transmit, disseminate, or store content that endangers national security, national unity, or social stability, or that is insulting, defamatory, pornographic, violent, false, infringing, offensive, hateful, obscene, threatening, inflammatory, discriminatory, or causes unease, or any content that violates current laws, regulations, and policies, or setting nicknames or character names containing such content; publishing, transmitting, or disseminating advertising, marketing, or spam messages;
- Accessing or using an odoc.ai account to infringe upon our or any third party's intellectual property rights, portrait rights, privacy rights, reputation rights, trade secrets, or other legal rights;
- Using an odoc.ai account to maliciously fabricate facts or conceal the truth to mislead or deceive others;
- Engaging in any behavior that endangers computer network security, including but not limited to: attempting to gain unauthorized access to our servers/accounts or bypass our security mechanisms through hacking, password cracking, or any other illegal means; entering odoc.ai's computer network or others' computer systems without permission and deleting, modifying, or adding stored information; attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any part of the odoc.ai system or network, or otherwise committing acts that undermine network security, without permission; attempting to reverse search, track, or attempt to track any information of any other odoc.ai user or visitor; attempting to interfere with or disrupt the normal operation of the odoc.ai system or website, intentionally spreading malicious programs or viruses, or other acts that disrupt normal network information services; forging TCP/IP packet names or parts of names;
- Reverse engineering, decompiling, or disassembling the products or services provided by us and our affiliates, or
 otherwise attempting to discover the source code and algorithms of odoc.ai; modifying or disabling any feature of odoc.ai without permission, or creating derivative works based on odoc.ai. Removing any proprietary notices or labels on the odoc.ai website or documents, or allowing odoc.ai or any part thereof to be merged with or incorporated into any other program;
- Using odoc.ai for any commercial activities such as publishing advertisements or selling goods, like selling virtual currency, plugins, or items, without our prior written permission, or engaging in any illegal activities that infringe upon our interests;
- Using third-party software, including automated programs, add-ons, or other technologies, to access, crawl, or copy any data from odoc.ai in any way, by yourself or by commissioning a third party, without our prior written consent;
- Engaging in other behaviors prohibited by laws, regulations, policies, public order, and social morality, as well as behaviors that infringe upon the legal rights and interests of other individuals, companies, social groups, or organizations.


# III. Purchase and Use of odoc.ai Personal Membership Subscription Services
1. In the odoc.ai payment system, you can purchase personal membership subscription services for your account through the payment methods displayed on the web version (please see the top-up page for specific payment methods).
2. You can only use the paid personal subscription service after you have paid the fee as prompted.
3. The paid personal subscription service provides more features or benefits than the regular user service, including member benefits and special services that odoc.ai members can enjoy (including but not limited to cloud storage capacity privileges, text selection translation privileges, full-text translation privileges, screenshot translation privileges, AI-assisted reading, etc.), subject to what is displayed on the payment page.
4. **You should understand that odoc.ai paid services have a specific validity period. If you do not renew or reopen your membership after the validity period expires, the membership service will be terminated, the corresponding member benefits will become invalid, and the member will be downgraded to a regular user.** After being downgraded to a regular user, your corresponding rights and interests will be affected:
- Your account will be downgraded from a member account to a regular account and will be subject to the constraints of a regular account;
- For research security reasons, your account data will not be deleted, even if your used capacity exceeds the capacity of the downgraded regular account;
- After your account is downgraded to a regular account, your notes can still be used: you can add, modify, delete, and read them;
- If your storage space exceeds that of a regular account, you will not be able to upload new files.
5. You can check the details of your account information (including activated service content, service period, real-time service status, etc.) in the "Member Center".
6. After paying the personal subscription service fee to odoc.ai, if you need to request invoices or other payment vouchers or service documents, you should contact the odoc.ai official platform customer service to register and resolve the matter.
7. **This service is for the exclusive use of the account you selected when purchasing the odoc.ai personal membership subscription service. If you need to switch to a new account to receive the personal membership subscription service, you will need to pay the corresponding fee separately.**
8. **This service is a personal, non-transferable, and non-exclusive license granted to you by odoc.ai. You may only use it for non-commercial purposes and for private use only.**
9. **You acknowledge and agree that the paid services you purchase are for your personal use only. You have no right to sell, transfer, license, disseminate, or otherwise make the purchased paid digital works and related value-added services available to any third party other than yourself (including but not limited to natural persons, legal persons, or other organizations). Otherwise, you shall bear any legal consequences and liabilities arising therefrom. odoc.ai has the right to take the following measures depending on the circumstances without assuming corresponding legal risks, which you understand and accept:**
- Revoke your right to continue using the paid service;
- Restrict, freeze, or terminate your account;
- Demand that you return any income obtained through selling, transferring, licensing, or other means;
- Other legal remedies that odoc.ai deems appropriate.
10. If odoc.ai discovers that your account or usage involves irregular purchases, cheating, abnormal conditions, or violations of relevant agreements and platform rules, odoc.ai has the right to refuse to continue providing this service to you and, after notifying you, take measures such as freezing, suspending, or terminating the use of various services and disabling the account.


# IV. Risk Disclosure
1. **You should carefully confirm your account and select the relevant operation options before confirming a top-up. If you cause damage to your own rights and interests due to improper operation or lack of understanding of the top-up and billing methods, such as topping up the wrong account, odoc.ai will not support any compensation or indemnification.**
2. **You are solely responsible for any property loss caused by you disclosing your account and password to others or by theft of your account and password due to improper storage. odoc.ai shall not be liable.**
3. **While using odoc.ai, including: reading, taking notes, sharing, forwarding, etc. (collectively referred to as "use"), you should exercise independent judgment and use it legally. odoc.ai is not responsible for any harm to yourself or to third parties caused by your use.**
4. **odoc.ai is not responsible for your inability to use the service, or the loss or reduction of data in your account due to communication line failures of telecommunication departments, including but not limited to your personal, family, or work unit's network or computer failures, system instability, and force majeure events not attributable to odoc.ai.**


# V. Intellectual Property
(I) odoc.ai Intellectual Property Protection Principles
odoc.ai is a platform for information acquisition, sharing, and dissemination. We respect and encourage the content created by odoc.ai users, recognize the importance of protecting intellectual property for the survival and development of odoc.ai, and commit to making the protection of intellectual property one of the fundamental principles of odoc.ai's operations. Specifically:
1. **The copyright of all original content published by users on odoc.ai (including but not limited to answers, articles, notes, and comments) belongs to the user. The user may authorize third parties to use it in any way without needing consent from odoc.ai.**
2. **The logos, layout design, typography, text, images, graphics, etc., contained in the network services provided by odoc.ai are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws. Without the prior written consent of the relevant rights holders (including odoc.ai and other original rights holders), the above content shall not be directly or indirectly published, used, rewritten or redistributed for publication or use, or used for any other commercial purpose on any platform.**
3. **To promote the sharing and dissemination of knowledge, the user grants odoc.ai a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive license for all content they publish on odoc.ai. odoc.ai has the right to exercise all related intellectual property rights worldwide, perpetually, for free, and irrevocably, including the rights to use, reproduce, adapt, translate, publicly perform, and publicly display, and you agree that we may sublicense the aforementioned rights to third parties.**
4. **Unauthorized third parties who, for non-commercial purposes, reproduce content published by users on odoc.ai elsewhere should, in a prominent position at the beginning of the reproduced text, indicate the original author's name (or the nickname used by the original author on odoc.ai), provide the original link, state "Published on odoc.ai," and must not modify or create derivative works from the original content. If modification or commercial use is required, the unauthorized third party must contact the user to obtain separate authorization and use the content in the manner prescribed by the user.**
5. **If you do not wish for unauthorized third parties to reproduce your published content, you may indicate "All rights reserved, no reproduction allowed" in a conspicuous manner when publishing the content.**

(II) Copyright Statement
1. **For any content uploaded or published on odoc.ai, the user shall guarantee that they are the copyright owner or have obtained legal authorization, and that the content does not infringe upon the legal rights of any third party. If a third party raises an objection regarding copyright or other rights, odoc.ai has the right to delete the relevant content based on the actual situation and reserves the right to pursue the user's legal liability. If any loss is caused to odoc.ai or any third party, the user shall be responsible for full compensation.**
2. **If any third party infringes upon the rights of an odoc.ai user, the user agrees to authorize odoc.ai or its designated agent to act on behalf of odoc.ai itself or the user to issue warnings, file complaints, initiate administrative enforcement, sue, appeal, or negotiate settlements with the said third party. The user also agrees to participate in joint rights protection efforts if odoc.ai deems it necessary.**
3. **odoc.ai has the right, but not the obligation, to review user-published content and has the right to handle infringing information based on relevant evidence, in conjunction with laws, regulations, and relevant agreements published on the odoc.ai website.**

(III) Infringement Handling
As a network service provider for uploading original works and a community service provider centered on academic papers, odoc.ai only provides upload space services for users to share academic notes and other content and a community for academic discussion. odoc.ai does not modify or edit the content uploaded or published by users. odoc.ai firmly opposes any behavior that violates the relevant copyright laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China. We urge all users to upload their own original content or legally authorized content and not to infringe on the intellectual property rights and other related rights of others. Once a relevant infringement is discovered and confirmed, odoc.ai will immediately remove and stop the further dissemination of any pirated, illegally reproduced, and other infringing content. To this end, we have established measures and procedures to protect the legal rights of intellectual property rights holders.
1. Rights Protection Method for the Infringed Party
If you believe that user-uploaded content on odoc.ai infringes on your copyright, right of communication through information networks, or any other rights, you must notify odoc.ai in writing. You are responsible for the truthfulness of the statements in your written notice. To improve the efficiency of odoc.ai's infringement handling and to promptly stop the publication of infringing content, you may report it according to the steps published on the odoc.ai website and provide the following materials, including but not limited to:
（1）Proof of identity of the rights holder, including valid identification documents such as an ID card, corporate license, or business license;
（2）Proof of ownership of the rights: proof of ownership of copyright or the legal right to exercise the right of communication through information networks for the allegedly infringing content, such as a copyright registration certificate or original manuscript;
（3）Proof of infringement, including the name and author of the allegedly infringing content and its corresponding network address on this website;
（4）Your telephone number, fax number, and email address; The infringing material content must be confirmed with the rights holder's handwritten signature;
（5）A written statement declaring that the content of your notice is accurate, truthful, and lawful, and guaranteeing to bear all legal consequences arising from this complaint, including but not limited to compensating us for any losses caused by our handling of the relevant account based on your complaint.
The specifics are subject to the requirements in the odoc.ai report email template.
2. **Rights Protection Results and Handling**
**（1）Upon receiving your notice with all the required materials, odoc.ai will reply to you within 15 working days, send an email notification to the user who uploaded the infringing content, and after independent judgment, we will immediately take measures including deleting the infringing content for confirmed infringements. We will also take necessary measures against the user who infringed your rights, including deletion, blocking, disconnecting links, restricting user functions, or canceling user qualifications, and notify you of the result. However, we do not assume liability for this. Any disputes or compensation arising therefrom shall be handled by you and the infringing user. We will assist you in handling the matter within the scope of the law. Please note that if your complaint notice does not meet the conditions stipulated in this Agreement, we may deem it an unqualified complaint, ask you to provide supplementary information, and will not take corresponding measures, including deletion, for the time being.**
**（2）Any user uploading any content to odoc.ai is deemed to agree to the above and adopted rules and measures of odoc.ai. odoc.ai is not legally responsible for such infringing acts committed by others on the website; all legal liability shall be borne by the uploader (user). After odoc.ai takes measures such as deletion, it does not assume any contractual or other legal liability to you, including not assuming liability for damages caused to you if the infringement allegation is not substantiated. At the same time, we reserve the right to pursue the corresponding legal liability of the user. If any loss is caused to us or any third party, the user shall be responsible for full compensation.**


# VI. User Personal Information
(I) Protection of Personal Information
1. Protecting user personal information and privacy is one of the fundamental principles of odoc.ai.
2. **During the process of registering an account or using odoc.ai services, you may need to fill in some necessary information, including your mobile phone number, email address, or WeChat nickname and avatar. If required by national laws and regulations or for using specific features of odoc.ai, you may also need to undergo real-name authentication. If the information you provide is incomplete, you may not be able to register or use an account, or your use of odoc.ai services may be restricted.**
3. **We will take all possible and appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access, update, and correct your own registration information or other personal information provided when using our services.**
4. odoc.ai will use various security technologies and procedures to establish a comprehensive management system to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
5. **Without your consent, odoc.ai will not disclose your personal information to any company, organization, or individual outside of odoc.ai, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.**
6. odoc.ai attaches great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. If a minor (especially one under the age of fourteen) wishes to use the services provided by odoc.ai, they must obtain the consent of their parents (guardians).
7. **odoc.ai will fully protect users' personal privacy information through technical means, strengthening internal management, and other methods, ensuring that user registration data and non-public content and information stored on the odoc.ai platform, servers, or databases during the use of network services are not publicly disclosed or provided to third parties, except in the following situations:**
**（1）With the prior authorization of the user;**
**（2）As required by relevant laws and regulations;**
**（3）As required by relevant government authorities and judicial organs;**
**（4）To safeguard the interests of the public.**

(II) Collection of Personal Information
**When providing services, odoc.ai may collect, store, and use the following information related to you. If you do not provide the relevant information, you may not be able to register as our user or enjoy some of the services we provide, or you may not achieve the intended effects of the relevant services.**
1. Information You Provide
（1）Personal information you may provide to us when registering an account or using odoc.ai's services, including but not limited to WeChat avatar, nickname, phone number, email address, etc.;
（2）Shared information you provide to other parties through odoc.ai's services, as well as information stored when you use our services.
2. Information We Obtain About You
（1）When you use odoc.ai services, we will use but not store the following information: When using odoc.ai services, the system may automatically collect technical information through cookies, web beacons, or other means, including: device or software information, such as configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser, or other programs used to access our services, your IP address, device storage, and the version and device identifier of your mobile device;
（2）**When you use odoc.ai services, we will collect and use the following information as needed to provide services to you: information on the odoc.ai website that you search for or browse when using our services, including but not limited to the articles you have viewed, the keywords you have searched for, and other information and content details you browse or request when using our services.**

(III) Use of Personal Information
1. **We may use the information collected during the process of providing services to you for the following purposes:**
（1）To provide services to you;
（2）For identity verification, customer service, security prevention, fraud monitoring, archiving, and backup purposes when we provide services, to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;
（3）To help us design new services and improve our existing services;
（4) To allow us to better understand how you access and use our services, so as to respond to your personalized needs, such as personalized help services and instructions, or to provide other responses to you and other users;
（5）For website authentication or managing website upgrades;
（6）To allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services.
2. To provide you with a better experience and to improve our services, subject to relevant laws and regulations, we may use information collected through one service, or provide users' non-personal information to third parties, for our other services. For example, information collected when you use one of our services may be used to provide you with specific content or to show you relevant, non-universally pushed information.

(IV) Privacy Policy
We attach great importance to the protection of your personal information. In accordance with the latest regulatory requirements, we have launched and updated the odoc.ai 《Privacy Policy》. **The personal information we collect will be processed in accordance with the personal information protection policies related to odoc.ai. In case of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the 《Privacy Policy》, the 《Privacy Policy》 shall prevail.**


# VII. Disclaimers
**（一）odoc.ai does not guarantee that all information you obtain through the odoc.ai website is true, accurate, and complete. If you take any action based on the above "information," you should independently verify its authenticity and carefully guard against risks. odoc.ai is not responsible for any consequences arising therefrom. While using odoc.ai services, you may encounter information that is uncomfortable or offensive. Under no circumstances will odoc.ai be liable for any such information, but odoc.ai will deal with such information as soon as it is discovered. For any reason, odoc.ai shall not be liable for any loss or liability not directly occurring with odoc.ai, whether such loss or liability is direct, indirect, incidental, or special.**
**（二）To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim any express or implied warranties, conditions, or other agreements, and have not made any guarantees, promises, representations, or warranties in this regard, including warranties of accuracy, non-infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose. The services are provided "as is".**
**（三）Given the special nature of internet services, you understand and agree that odoc.ai shall not be liable for any losses you suffer (including but not limited to property, revenue, data losses, or other intangible losses) under the following circumstances:**
1. **System failures preventing normal operation of odoc.ai due to force majeure events including but not limited to earthquakes, tsunamis, typhoons, floods, coups, wars, terrorist attacks, sudden power outages, worker strikes, etc.;**
2. **Service interruptions or delays on the odoc.ai platform caused by hacker attacks, computer viruses, trojans, or other malicious programs;**
3.  **Service interruptions or delays on the odoc.ai platform caused by technical adjustments or failures of telecommunication departments and network operating companies, system maintenance, etc.;**
4. **Service delays, interruptions, or termination on the odoc.ai platform caused by changes in laws and regulations, orders, or rulings from judicial and administrative organs, etc.;**
5. **Losses caused by your improper use of your odoc.ai account (including but not limited to your access or use of the account infringing upon our or any third party's intellectual property rights, portrait rights, privacy rights, reputation rights, trade secrets, etc.) or your operational errors;**
6. **Operations we perform at your request or based on the information you provide;**
7. **Changes to odoc.ai, or any temporary or permanent cessation of all or part of the services due to our maintenance or upgrading of the system or software/hardware;**
8. **Statements or actions of any third party within odoc.ai;**
9. **We may access, use, preserve, and/or disclose your account information and content as required by law, litigation, judicial organs, or government agencies, or as otherwise reasonably necessary by law;**
10. **Leakage of any personal information due to your improper use or other personal reasons;**
11. **Any psychological, physiological, or economic losses caused or potentially caused by being misled or deceived while interacting with other users through our products or services;**
12. **Other matters that we cannot objectively control.**


# VIII. Liability for Breach of Contract
1. **If odoc.ai discovers or receives complaints or reports from others that you have violated any provision of this Agreement, odoc.ai has the right to delete or block the relevant information you have published or uploaded at any time without prior notice, and, depending on the severity of the circumstances, impose penalties on you including but not limited to warnings, restricting or prohibiting the use of some or all functions, account suspension, or even cancellation. odoc.ai also has the right to publicize the processing results. If we have reason to believe that your account is abnormal or in dispute, we have the right to restrict your use of odoc.ai or cancel related transactions. If the aforementioned actions cause you losses (including but not limited to the clearing of data, relevant data, unsuccessful transactions, etc.), you shall bear them yourself. Our aforementioned judgments and subsequent legal actions or claims may be based on the data stored in our services, systems, and databases, unless there is sufficient evidence to overturn such data.**
2. **If your actions cause losses to odoc.ai (including but not limited to direct losses, reputational damage, third-party fines, claims, etc.), odoc.ai has the right to seek full compensation from you.**
3. **If you have a dispute with a third party due to your violation of this Agreement, all consequences shall be borne by you and are unrelated to odoc.ai. odoc.ai is not obligated to assist you in handling such disputes. If you have deposits, virtual currency, or other assets in any odoc.ai product, we have the right to freeze and retain them. At the same time, we will assist in investigations as required by judicial departments.**
4. **Limitation of Liability: Regardless of the cause or type of loss arising from your use of an odoc.ai account, odoc.ai's liability is limited to the amount you have paid, unless otherwise expressly provided by law. That is, under no circumstances will we be liable for any indirect, consequential, punitive, incidental, special, or criminal damages, including loss of profits, revenue, business opportunities, or anticipated savings, suffered by you as a result of using our services. The total liability of us, our affiliates, and partners for any claim under these terms (including any implied warranties) will not exceed the amount you paid us to use the services (if any). The laws of some countries may exclude the application of all or part of the foregoing provisions. This Agreement does not exclude any statutory rights that cannot be waived by this Agreement.**
5. **The aforementioned liabilities for breach of contract remain effective after you terminate your use of odoc.ai.**


# IX. Termination of odoc.ai Services
**To avoid doubt, please note:**
1. **If you violate the content of this Agreement, we have the right to freeze or terminate the use of the account and stop providing services to you.**
2. **You understand and agree that, based on our own operational policies, we may temporarily or permanently terminate the odoc.ai account service (or any part thereof) within a reasonable period after notifying you through a platform announcement or other means. You should promptly back up the information stored based on your odoc.ai account. You shall bear the corresponding legal consequences for failing to timely process the content, virtual property, etc., associated with your odoc.ai account.**
3. **We may terminate your account as required by law, court rulings, judicial organs, or government agencies. We will do our best to notify you before taking such action.**
4. **After your account is terminated, you are not exempt from the obligations you were still required to fulfill on or before the termination date, and we are not responsible for any consequences arising from the termination of your account.**


# X. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
1. The formation, effectiveness, performance, interpretation, and resolution of disputes of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States, excluding the application of conflict of laws principles. If any clause of this Agreement conflicts with laws or regulations, it shall be executed in accordance with the laws and regulations. If a clause is deemed invalid, it does not affect the validity of the other clauses. The other clauses will remain in full force and effect.
2. **Any dispute arising from the performance of this Agreement shall be resolved through friendly negotiation. If negotiation fails, either party may file a lawsuit in a court with jurisdiction in the place where the Agreement is concluded.**
3. **Dispute Counterparty: Herein, you understand and agree that disputes arising from your use of third-party services (or purchase of products) and infringement disputes between you and third parties are not disputes arising under this contract. You promise not to name us as a party to such disputes. Otherwise, we have the right to directly raise the defense of an improper party, and you will not object to this defense.**


# XI. Information and Feedback
1. **If odoc.ai sends any information to you, it will be sent via the email address, mobile phone number, or other communication methods you provided when registering your odoc.ai account, or directly pushed through the odoc.ai platform. If sent via electronic communication, it is deemed delivered when your device or the electronic system you use receives the message.**
2. If you have any opinions, suggestions, complaints, or questions about this Agreement, our products, or services, you are welcome to provide feedback to us at any time on the odoc.ai platform.


# XII. Miscellaneous
1. **We may delegate or transfer part or all of our rights and obligations under this Agreement to a third party without obtaining separate authorization from you. However, we will notify you by email or public announcement and will do our best to avoid inconvenience to your use of the service caused by such delegation or change. If you do not agree to such a transfer, you have the right to stop using the services under this Agreement. If you continue to use the service, you are deemed to have accepted it.**
2. **To provide you with a better user experience, without diminishing your legal rights and interests, we may provide you with website update services (these updates may take the form of website/software replacement, modification, functional enhancement, version upgrades, etc.). We recommend that you keep the service updated to avoid potential security risks to the website and potential unavailability or instability caused by not updating in a timely manner.**